Further expand/improve COVIDcast API docs (#124)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast.md

## Geographic Coding

The `geo_value` field specifies the geographic location whose estimate is being
reported. Estimates are available for several possible `geo_type`s:

* `county`: County-level estimates are reported by the county's five-digit [FIPS
  code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIPS_county_code). All FIPS codes are
  reported using pre-2015 FIPS code assignments, *except* for FIPS codes used by
  the `jhu-csse` source. These are reported exactly as JHU reports their data;
  [see below](#fips-exceptions-in-jhu-data).
* `hrr`: Hospital Referral Region, units designed to represent regional health
  care markets. There are roughly 300 HRRs in the United States. A map is
  available
  [here](https://hub.arcgis.com/datasets/fedmaps::hospital-referral-regions). We

>   report HRRs by their number (1 through 457).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  report HRRs by their number (non-consecutive, between 1 and 457).
```

* `msa`: Metropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the Office of Management
  and Budget. The Census Bureau provides [detailed definitions of these
  regions](https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/metro-micro/about.html). We
  report MSAs by their CBSA ID number.
* `dma`: Designated Market Areas represent geographic regions with their own
  media markets, as [defined by
  Nielsen](https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/intl-campaigns/dma-maps/).
* `state`: The 50 states, identified by their two-digit postal abbreviation (in

>   lower case). Estimates for Puerto Rico are available as state `pr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  lower case). Estimates for Puerto Rico are available as state `pr`; Washington, D.C. is available as state `dc`.
```
